gl_optix_composite
==================

The OpenGL + OptiX Compositing sample demonstrates how to mix interactive OpenGL rendering with OptiX overlay compositing. This particular example demonstrates 8x sub-sampled, raytraced hard shadows which are composited with an OpenGL wireframe model. The shadows are computed by OptiX, and the results are placed into an OpenGL texture which represents a screen-space shadow mask. During the final OpenGL rendering past, the shadow mask texture is evaluated to give the fractional shadow factor.

While this sample demonstrates hard shadow compositing, the technique is not limited to shadows, and may be used for reflections, refractions, and other effects generated by GPU OptiX raytracing.

#### Requirements

To run this sample, you must install the CUDA 5.5 Toolkit. https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-toolkit-55-archive
 (Other versions of CUDA are not yet supported).
OptiX 3.6.3 is also required, but this library is already included in the shared_external sources, so no additional libraries are needed aside from CUDA 5.5.

#### How to Build & Run

Quick build instructions:

1) Clone the following NVPro-samples repositories:
  - //github.com/nvpro-samples/build_all.git
  - //github.com/nvpro-samples/shared_external.git
  - //github.com/nvpro-samples/shared_sources.git
  - //github.com/nvpro-samples/gl_optix_composite.git

2) Download and install CMake 2.8.2. (http://www.cmake.org/files/v2.8/cmake-2.8.2.zip)

3) Open CMake-gui, and generate Visual Studio projects:
  - Source code to: /nvpro_ samples/build_all
  - Build fodler: /nvpro_samples/build
  - Click Configure and select "Use Visual Studio 10 Win64"
  - Click Generate

4) Open the nvpro_samples.sln into Visual Studio 2010, and Build All!
5) Select the gl_ optix_composite samples as the Startup project (right click on project, select Set as StartUp Project)
6) Click Run!








